c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.exe
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.pdb
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\ExIDFManagment.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\ExIDFManagment.exe
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\ExIDFManagment.pdb
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\ExIDFManagment.AddCandidateForm.resources
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.DataModel.dll
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.Interface.dll
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.DataModel.pdb
c:\users\niv\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.Interface.pdb
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\ExIDFManagment.frmSettings.resources
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ShowOnGridControl.dll
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ShowOnGridControl.pdb
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.StubModel.dll
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.StubModel.pdb
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\obj\x86\Debug\ExIDFManagment.ExceptionForm.resources
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.exe.config
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.Mail.dll
C:\Users\Niv\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ExIDFManagment\ExIDFManagment\bin\Debug\ExIDFManagment.Mail.pdb
